Update 03-attribute-operations.Rmd (#1014)
geocompx/geocompr: 03-attribute-operations.Rmd

```{block 03-attribute-operations-65, type='rmdnote'}
Some function names clash between packages (e.g., a function with the name `extract()` exist in both **terra** and **tidyr** packages).
This may lead to unexpected results when loading packages in a different order.

> In addition to loading packages by referring to functions verbosely (e.g., `tidyr::extract()`), another way to prevent function name clashes is by unloading the offending package with `detach()`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition to calling functions verbosely with their full namespace (e.g., `tidyr::extract()`) to avoid attaching packages with `library()`, another way to prevent function name clashes is by unloading the offending package with `detach()`.
```

Make more sense?
